Parse currency as cents (#247)
scurker/currency.js: readme.md

currency(value);    // 123.45
```

> Currency is in dollars by default but can be parsed as cents. This will respect the precision option when parsing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currency accepts decimal values (i.e. `1.23`) with a default precision of 2, but can accept a minor currency unit (e.g. cents in a dollar). This will respect the precision option when parsing.
```

```javascript
currency(123, { fromCents: true });               // 1.23
currency('123', { fromCents: true });             // 1.23
currency(123, { fromCents: true, precision: 0 }); // 0.123

> currency(123, { fromCents: true, precision: 3 }); // 123

Reviewer: This doesn't seem right, shouldn't `currency(123, { fromCents: true, precision: 0 })` be `123`? I would also expect the inverse from `precision: 3` to be `0.123`

Author: Correct. Sorry about that.

`useVedic` *default*: `false`<br/>
Formats number groupings using the Indian Numbering System, i.e. `10,00,000.00`

`fromCents` *default*: `false`<br/>

> The amount argument is parsed as cents instead of dollars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parse the amount value as a minor currency unit (e.g. cents in a dollar) instead of dollars.
```
